Added Code of conduct and Security policy (#61)
opensource-nepal/py-nepali: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> The 'nepali' project is committed to maintaining the security and integrity of our software. This Security Policy outlines the steps we take to address security vulnerabilities, as well as the responsibilities of our contributors and users in reporting and resolving security-related issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'py-nepali' project is committed to maintaining the security and integrity of our software. This Security Policy outlines the steps we take to address security vulnerabilities, as well as the responsibilities of our contributors and users in reporting and resolving security-related issues.
```

## Supported Versions

> We provide security updates and support for the latest stable release of the 'nepali' package. It is important to keep your software up to date to ensure you have the latest security patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide security updates and support for the latest stable release of the 'py-nepali' package. It is important to keep your software up to date to ensure you have the latest security patches.
```

| Version | Supported          |
| ------- | ------------------ |
| 1.0.0   | :white_check_mark: |
| 0.5.6   | :white_check_mark: |
| < 0.5.6 | :x:                |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you discover a security vulnerability within the project, we encourage you to report it the maintainers immediately. Promptly reporting security issues helps us protect our users and take appropriate actions to address the vulnerability. To report a security vulnerability, please follow these steps:

1. Email at aj3sshh@gmail.com or sugatbajracharya49@gmail.com with a detailed description of the vulnerability. Please include the following information:
   - Description of the vulnerability, including steps to reproduce if applicable

>    - Version of the nepali package affected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Version of the py-nepali package affected
```

## Security Updates and Mitigations

Upon receiving a security vulnerability report, our team will evaluate the issue and take appropriate actions to address it. This may include:

- Developing and testing a patch or fix for the vulnerability
- Coordinating with the reporter or other relevant parties to verify the vulnerability and its impact
- Releasing a new version that includes the necessary security fixes

We strive to provide security updates in a timely manner and communicate any necessary steps for users to upgrade to the latest secure version.

## Responsible Disclosure

We are committed to responsible disclosure of security vulnerabilities. Once a vulnerability has been addressed and a new package version is released, we encourage users and contributors to upgrade to the latest version to ensure they are protected.

While we appreciate the efforts of security researchers and users who report vulnerabilities, we kindly request that you follow responsible disclosure practices by allowing us sufficient time to address the issue and release a fix before disclosing the vulnerability publicly.

## Disclaimer

> The nepali project is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the package maintainers or contributors be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability arising from the use of the nepali project or any security-related incidents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The py-nepali project is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In no event shall the package maintainers or contributors be liable for any claim, damages, or other liability arising from the use of the nepali project or any security-related incidents.
```
